Remove trailing slashes from internal links (#1456)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/pattern-syntax.mdx

Getting started with rule writing? Try the [Semgrep Tutorial](https://semgrep.dev/learn) 🎓
:::

> This document describes Semgrep’s pattern syntax. You can also see pattern [examples by language](/docs/pattern-examples). In the command line, patterns are specified with the flag `--pattern` (or `-e`). Multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes Semgrep’s pattern syntax. You can also see pattern [examples by language](/writing-rules/pattern-examples). In the command line, patterns are specified with the flag `--pattern` (or `-e`). Multiple
```

coordinating patterns may be specified in a configuration file. See

> [rule syntax](/docs/rule-syntax) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rule syntax](/writing-rules/rule-syntax) for more information.
```

You can use `"$X"` to match any string literal. This is similar
to using `"..."`, but the content of the string is stored in the
metavariable `$X`, which can then be used in a message

> or in a [`metavariable-regex`](/docs/rule-syntax/#metavariable-regex).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or in a [`metavariable-regex`](/writing-rules/rule-syntax/#metavariable-regex).
```

```

Basic constant propagation support like in the example above is a stable feature.

> Experimentally, Semgrep also supports [intra-procedural flow-sensitive constant propagation](/docs/data-flow/constant-propagation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimentally, Semgrep also supports [intra-procedural flow-sensitive constant propagation](/writing-rules/data-flow/constant-propagation).
```

Under AC-matching metavariables behave similarly to `...`. For example, `A | $X` can match `A | B | C` in four different ways (`$X` can bind to `B`, or `C`, or `B | C`). In order to avoid a combinatorial explosion, Semgrep will only perform AC-matching with metavariables if the number of potential matches is _small_, otherwise it will produce just one match (if possible) where each metavariable is bound to a single operand.

> Using [`options`](/docs/rule-syntax#options) it is possible to entirely disable AC-matching. It is also possible to treat boolean AND and OR operators (e.g., `&&` in `||` in C-family languages) as commutative, which can be useful despite not being semantically accurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [`options`](/writing-rules/rule-syntax#options) it is possible to entirely disable AC-matching. It is also possible to treat boolean AND and OR operators (e.g., `&&` in `||` in C-family languages) as commutative, which can be useful despite not being semantically accurate.
```
the regex replacement for `../` to `docs` is unfortunately not perfect

or just the try part of an exception statement with `try { ... }`.

This is especially useful when used in a

> [pattern-inside](/docs/rule-syntax#pattern-inside) to restrict the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pattern-inside](/writing-rules/rule-syntax#pattern-inside) to restrict the
```

### String matching

:::warning

> String matching has been deprecated. You should use [`metavariable-regex`](/docs/rule-syntax#metavariable-regex) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
String matching has been deprecated. You should use [`metavariable-regex`](/writing-rules/rule-syntax#metavariable-regex) instead.
```
